Summary

    This laboratorial project was done in the scope of the subject 'Redes de Computadores' of the 'Mestrado Integrado em Engenharia Informática' course in the school 
 year of 2016/2017. All required knowledge and skills were provided both in the theorical and pratical classes of this subject, giving special attention to the 
Application Layer and Data Link Layer slides. Also, the laboratorial guide was an essential tool for the development, as it contained all the requirements and all the 
necessary guides for this project.
    This project's development was extremely important, since it allowed us to understand better how the theorical concepts are actually applied to real world problems. 
We concluded that to successfully transfer files between two machines, we must guarantee the integrity of all transfered data and therefore, the usage of a data link 
protocol is crucial.

Introduction

    In the first few practical classes, we learnt how to transfer supervision frames and how to set up an alarm based on a timeout system, so the transmitter knew when
 to resend data. The goal of this project was to implement a data link protocol between two computers through a serial port and test it by transferring a gif file,
 although, due to the fact that the file is read as a binary file, other formats would also be supported. The project was developed in a computer with an operating 
system based on LINUX, using only the C programming language and RS-232 serial ports with asynchronous communication.
    This report will explain in better detail the solution we chose to implement for this problem. In the sections 2 and 3, respectively, we describe the project's 
architecture and structure of the code. Also, in section 4, we demonstrate the main use cases. In the section 5 and 6, we analyze in detail the data link procol and 
application protocol, respectively. In section 7, we describe the tests that were made to validate the program and present some results and finally, in section 8, we 
declare the appreciation elements that were implemented.

Conclusion

    (After reading the full report, summarize what was said before).
    
